#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
astroid==2.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==21.2.0
    # via pytest
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
celery==4.4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click-log==0.3.2
    # via edx-lint
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==1.1.1
    # via edx-lint
coverage==5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
ddt==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-waffle==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   django-crum
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
edx-django-utils==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-lint==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
edx-rest-api-client==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
isort==5.8.0
    # via pylint
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via code-annotations
kombu==4.6.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
    # via astroid
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via pylint
mock==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
newrelic==6.2.0.156
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==20.9
    # via pytest
pbr==5.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
psutil==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pyjwt==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pylint==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pytest-cov==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest==6.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
python-slugify==5.0.2
    # via code-annotations
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via code-annotations
redis==3.5.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   responses
    #   slumber
responses==0.13.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   responses
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
testfixtures==6.17.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via astroid
